hello this is Andy hobo traveler in
place karla via via in senegal close to
that car i want to show you my room
before I mess it up put adjust to the
light here we got the classic mosquito
net for poster always be worried when
you see a mosquito net that means
there's a problem the room should have
screens on the windows
there is no desk in here this is for
1415 this is like $30 so I just left the
room it had you know color TV porn
yeah Wi-Fi for the same amount of money
this is Wi-Fi so it's it's comparable
but there's no like you know it's a
bleak little room outside is what
they're selling is the camaraderie of
the backpackers you know so what they do
is they bump it up on the idea that your
camaraderie and then nobody complains
about the basic unit it is a nice little
unit it's clean got one fan at the top I
can't move it around so therefore it's
gonna be pointed right at my face but
generally it's a nice place I mean it's
got some people which is unusual for me
I've never seen anybody here for I never
seen anybody for the last couple months
so but that doesn't mean I like tourists
so Andy hobo traveler and the Dakar
Senegal Andy still in the via via
there's three and a half hangers
that's three-and-a-half hangers more
than normal
Andy hobo traveler in the V of Vienna
you often new car scent ago
[Applause]
[Music]
no idea what